full spelling and grammar check/and correction (#71)
MillenniumMachines/millenniummachines.github.io: docs/milo/manual/chapters/40_y_axis_assembly.md

![insert the M3 heat-set inserts in the XY Drag Chain Transition](../img/y_axis_assembly/y_axis_step_3.png){: .shadow}

!!! note

>     You may notice that some kits, like LDO’s, come with 2 different lengths of M3 heat insert. The smaller ones are used wherever drag chains attach and the longer ones are used for everything else.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You may notice that some kits, like LDO's, come with 2 different lengths of M3 heat insert. The smaller ones are used wherever drag chains attach and the longer ones are used for everything else.
```

![fasten the MGN15 350mm Rails to the 470mm extrusion screwing M3x10mm SHCS into the spring t-nuts inside the profile](../img/y_axis_assembly/y_axis_step_15.png){: .shadow}

!!! note "T-Nut Installation"
    Spring T-Nuts are used here to mount the rails but are not shown, install these before screwing the bolts in.

!!! tip "Aligning the rails"
    ![Rail Alignment Tool Render](../img/hardware/rail_alignment_tool.png){: .shadow}

    Use the MGN15 guides to position the first rail in the center of the extrusion before fastening the screws. Use a DTI running along the edge of the extrusion to fine-adjust it into alignment with the extrusion.

>     With the first rail aligned, fit the second rail using the MGN15 guides and a DTI to clock it into the first rail. Make sure to check horizontal and vertical alignment and shim if required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    With the first rail aligned, fit the second rail using the MGN15 guides and a DTI to align it with the first rail. Make sure to check horizontal and vertical alignment and shim if required.
```

"Clock it" sounds slangy to me?
